README.md, before:

# Nkwashi-Conference

>A capstone project being done to finish up work done in Module 1 of the Microverse web development course based on HTML5, CSS and Javascript(mobile and desktop). The 2 versions have been styled in plain CSS & Bootstrap. It is based on an imaginary conference held in my home city Lusaka.


![capstone screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44676055/125154834-5c7f0080-e15c-11eb-8083-a1085a529ac6.png)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS & Javascript


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:

>Prerequisites
  - Code Editor ( VS Code is great and it's free! )
  - Any Web Browser of your choice
  - Clone the repository to your local computer by using git through the instructions below or download it using the following [link](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/nkwashi-conference/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) as a ZIP file.

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/nkwashi-conference.git

```

- Open the index.html file in your browser to see the homepage!
- Proceed to edit files and please create a new branch on your local copy and create a Pull request if you want contribute!


## Authors

- GitHub: [@beardless-sheik](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik)
- Twitter [@beardless-sheik](https://twitter.com/Beardless_Sheik)
- LinkedIn [@Alick Nyirenda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alick-nyirenda/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/) or create any!

## Acknowledgements

- The beautiful template is from this Beehance design that can be found on [here](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

Commit message:

Add live preview link in README

README.md, after:

# Nkwashi-Conference

>A capstone project being done to finish up work done in Module 1 of the Microverse web development course based on HTML5, CSS and Javascript(mobile and desktop). The 2 versions have been styled in plain CSS & Bootstrap. It is based on an imaginary conference held in my home city Lusaka.


![capstone screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44676055/125154834-5c7f0080-e15c-11eb-8083-a1085a529ac6.png)

A live preview of the project can be found [here](https://beardless-sheik.github.io/nkwashi-conference/about.html)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS & Javascript


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps:

>Prerequisites
  - Code Editor ( VS Code is great and it's free! )
  - Any Web Browser of your choice
  - Clone the repository to your local computer by using git through the instructions below or download it using the following [link](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/nkwashi-conference/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) as a ZIP file.

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/nkwashi-conference.git

```

- Open the index.html file in your browser to see the homepage!
- Proceed to edit files and please create a new branch on your local copy and create a Pull request if you want contribute!


## Authors

- GitHub: [@beardless-sheik](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik)
- Twitter [@beardless-sheik](https://twitter.com/Beardless_Sheik)
- LinkedIn [@Alick Nyirenda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alick-nyirenda/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/) or create any!

## Acknowledgements

- The beautiful template is from this Beehance design that can be found on [here](https://www.behance.net/gallery/29845175/CC-Global-Summit-2015).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!
